codepen link https://codepen.io/witzk1jr/pen/XWNyNwd?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML gives more meaning to the code -- i.e. <table> vs. <div>. This helps people and machines understand what the code is about. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is the foundation of any website. It's the markup language. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute can be an "ID" or "class" and it is placed next to the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is for your main header --use only once per page. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        "a" and "img"
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Title and navigation.
    7. What is an id? 
        Unique attribute -- should only have one.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        HTML emlements. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Should probably only have one, but as long as the value is unique, it's okay to use more.
    10. What is a class? 
        Class is an HTML attribute that can be assigned to multiple elements for styling. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
          HTML elements.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
          Multiple. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Set the "target=" to "_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
         Specifies an alternate text for the image, if the image for some reason cannot be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id?
        In CSS, use "#"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Sections are larger and can contain multiple divs.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Styling HTML.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        In CSS, h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Class styles multiple elements, where ID is unique. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        With "."
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Parent is the first (usually an ID or Class), then the child could be a "p" for example.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        These look like a:hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase; lowercase; capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {
            border-style: dotted;
            border-width: 1px;
            border-color: black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* Comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
            rm then filename
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        It's great for working on a project with a team and it saves former versions.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every time I add something. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork, clone, branch, add, commit, push, push request